hi people how are you
hi people how are you and this is the
exist good and I bring you a
again a tutorial not a tutorial no
I bring you some kind of
minecraft a tip that I did not know until yesterday
that is, it has not occurred to me
that happened through my mind until yesterday that
a subscriber is talking on Skype a
server and he told me he used a trick
to go more secure minecraft and that's why
I'll put the title of this video will
I will put bodyguards in minecraft good
as you know and here I present you
they all know how to score goals and that 's for the
who do not know about goals of plasters is that
so be it like this one
and then the head of the internal one on
seen good and the same as when I eat
in the way that is set here
that when he went there at night
he always had a better bodyguard and
I was surprised as bodyguard
same as always champion takes goals
of iron and he takes it that way I can
see and separate pots from my sword
a sword
and so it goes
and how can you see the goal is god do not
let alone continues to be night pass
put together a party heart lawyers and chicken
at least the two bodyguards have
for me we are going to put it at night
modern man
I'm going to put myself in mode
to creative first
about how we can do at night
night night night night
the night is going to turn on fuckin lights it
they turned on now let's put this here
as you can see
come on come on
no no
or you can see them led to if you have not and
I was putting his rival
Now yes and they are like the best sword of
protect can not see
there are business
it's a way to wear bodyguards
because a shot is dropped
and so I can go out there and not
can be web no longer so things that if
is that
let's put more rubber in a creative way
with only one tip that I'm giving
is that how will he use the goals of them to
your favor if you are going to go to
any place at night you can
wear
and garbage days are more their cases already
they are invincible precisely because
you have what's going to play is good is a tip
I hope you serve them tip and you already know how
have bodyguards in minecraft
now yes that's good
That's all I'm me and I hope
serve them the fucking fucking tube
tip tip the fucking guy that I give them and
that's all for today this youtube unit
and good not
good
and when not
but no
no no
in 2012
when do not